1. Wireframe of recipe site made in [figma](https://www.figma.com/file/5H61qa3CmkqQJRDGYeVOel/Wireframe-of-Recipe?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design&t=GpnY91ZqxjGid4Wp-0)
2. Response to "Five Important Considerations for Wireframing" article
     Wireframing is the best way to start designing screens because it helps the designer drive the connection between conversations and new ideas. Since UX design is very multifaceited you must start by clarifying the use of your design. You must start by asking yourself the what, the who, the when, the why, and the how? It is very important that before you start planning a solution, you are clear on what the problem is. An essential key to wireframing is sketching out the screen before you really get the project started. Sketching will give the screen a lot of room to switch things up and play with different looks. It gives a starting point to work from instead of just blindly making the design. Don't be shy for feedback, the best way to work ona commission is to get feedback from the user itself. The user will be able to give you suggestions for improvement in areas you might not realize need improving. Getting feedback throughout the process also allows for a nature progression of growth that way you don't wait until you think you are done to have to make changes. When you are begining to put your ideas into action make sure you are comfortable with the software and that the software can give you the best outcome in the end. As the design is progressing make sure you understand the people you are working with. You need to know how to present the work in order to yield that best reaction to the work. You want ypour designs to be user friendly especially with the people you are working on the project with. These steps are made to help with workflow and productivity. This simple formula of design can give the designer a game plan on how to complete work.
     In the courses I have taken before I had to utilize the wireframing practice becasue it gave me a way to plan out my thoughts and ideas and also gave a good platform for feedback. Especially when designing a website or app the wireframe gave me the ability to workshop different user interfaces that my classmates could view. With user suggestion I was able to take little pieces from my wireframes and other students wireframes to design something that worked best for the problem I was solving.
3. 
